Term entry Javascript storage set item (#2735)
Codecademy/docs: content/javascript/concepts/storage/terms/setItem.md

---

> Title: '.setItem()' 

Reviewer: looks like this isn't in the correct location. It should be within a folder named "setItem"

> Description: 'updates the value to the specified storage object key if exists, else adds the key to the specified storage object.' 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Updates the value to the specified storage object key, if it exists, else adds the key to the object.' 
```

Subjects: 
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags: 
  - 'Storage'
  - 'Objects'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent: 
  - 'introduction-to-javascript'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> The **`.setItem()`** method updates the `value` to the specified storage object `key` if exists, else adds the `key` to the specified storage object and returns `undefined`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`.setItem()`** method updates the value to the specified storage object key, if it exists, else adds the key to the specified storage object and returns `undefined`.
```

Reviewer: backticks are used for specific terms or elements within a code block or the language generally. However, generic terms such as class or string don't need to be formatted.

Author: okay

## Syntax

```pseudo
localStorage.setItem(key, value);
sessionStorage.setItem(key, value);
```

Both `key` and `value` are required parameters.
- The `key` is the name of the key to create.
- The `value` is the value to create/update the `key`.

> 

Reviewer: remove empty line. There should never be multiple empty lines between content.

## Example

> This is the example, which demonstrates the usage of `.setItem()` method:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates a basic implementation of the `.setItem()` method:
```

```js
console.log(localStorage.setItem('name', 'mark'));
localStorage.setItem('gender', 'male');
console.log("Gender :",localStorage.gender);
```

The Output will be:

> ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```shell
```
